# T1 Service - Administrator Service
The T1 service handles all features related to the "Administrator" role. The current version of T1 provides:
- Ability to add and remove test classes and related robots (opponents) that can be challenged by players;
- Ability to view, in list form, all registered administrators and players.

The service interacts with a MongoDB database to store administrator accounts and a reference to the path where the Java class file to be tested is saved. This file will later be provided to T5 to load the class code during a game session.

Features such as the "Ladder" game mode and team management are currently under development.

## Adding Test Classes and Robots
The form for adding new test classes and robots includes a set of required fields. Below are the mandatory fields that must be filled in:
- `Java Class Name`: specifies the name of the Java test class to add. As per Java standards, this name must match the actual class name and the corresponding `.java` file name;
- `Difficulty`: specifies the difficulty level of the new test class. It is completely independent of the difficulty of the robots. This is purely an informational field, visible only to the administrator. Its default value is "Beginner";
- `Upload your class (.java)`: specifies the file containing the Java class to upload;
- `Upload your tests (.zip)`: specifies the ZIP file containing the robots related to the class being uploaded.

### ZIP File Structure Specification for Robot Upload
The ZIP file uploaded by the administrator must follow the structure below to be accepted and correctly processed by the system:

1. The ZIP file must contain a single top-level folder named `robots/`;
2. Each subfolder of `robots/` represents a robot (opponent) to be added to the application, where:
    - The folder name **must start** with the robot's name;
    - The folder name **must end** with the string `Test`.

   During the import process, the `Test` suffix will be removed to obtain the actual robot name.
3. Each robot may contain one or more of the following folders:
    - `01Level`, which represents the easy difficulty level;
    - `02Level`, which represents the medium difficulty level;
    - `03Level`, which represents the hard difficulty level.
      Each of these folders must contain one or more executable JUnit test classes for the class under test;
4. Each `0XLevel/` folder may also include the following files:
    - `statistics.csv`, containing the EvoSuite metric results;
    - `coveragetot.xml`, containing the coverage information generated by JaCoCo.

   If these files are missing, the system will automatically calculate the missing statistics using the `T7` and `T8` services and generate the necessary files. In this case, the upload process will take longer.

Robots generated via EvoSuite represent the only special case in this structure, due to compatibility with previous versions of the system. These must be placed inside the `EvoSuiteTest/` folder, and each `XXLevel/` folder must include:
- `TestReport/`, which contains the output files generated by EvoSuite and JaCoCo;
- `TestSourceCode/evosuite-tests/`: contains the JUnit tests generated.

Below is an example of a ZIP file structure for the test class `OutputFormat`:
```html
robots/
├── LLMTest/
│   ├── 01Level/
│   │   ├── report.json
│   │   ├── OutputFormat_*.java
│   │   ├── coveragetot.xml
│   │   └── statistics.csv
│   ├── 02Level/
│   │   ├── report.json
│   │   ├── OutputFormat_*.java
│   │   ├── coveragetot.xml
│   │   └── statistics.csv
│   └── 03Level/
│       ├── report.json
│       ├── OutputFormatTest.java
│       ├── coveragetot.xml
│       └── statistics.csv
├── EvoSuiteTest/
│   ├── 01Level/
│   │   ├── TestReport/
│   │   │   ├── statistics.csv
│   │   │   └── coveragetot.xml
│   │   └── TestSourceCode/
│   │       └── evosuite-tests/
│   │           ├── OutputFormat_ESTest.java
│   │           └── OutputFormat_ESTest_scaffolding.java
│   ├── 02Level/
│   │   ├── TestReport/
│   │   │   ├── statistics.csv
│   │   │   └── coveragetot.xml
│   │   └── TestSourceCode/
│   │       └── evosuite-tests/
│   │           ├── OutputFormat_ESTest.java
│   │           └── OutputFormat_ESTest_scaffolding.java
│   └── 03Level/
│       ├── TestReport/
│       │   ├── statistics.csv
│       │   └── coveragetot.xml
│       └── TestSourceCode/
│           └── evosuite-tests/
│               ├── OutputFormat_ESTest.java
│               └── OutputFormat_ESTest_scaffolding.java
├── RandoopTest/
│   └── 01Level/
│       ├── RegressionTest*.java
│       ├── coveragetot.xml
│       └── statistics.csv
└── StudentTest/
    └── 03Level/
        ├── TestOutputFormat.java
        ├── coveragetot.xml
        └── statistics.csv
```